{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Required function : none\
\
Main function: checkSession.R\
is to check who have correct sessions based on the token. Each participant has (1) no duplicate data; (2)including these incompleted session; (3) based on the groupInfo for 98(call it X) which we have record that completed all sessions and excluded the 2 participants who has missing data; (4) has only six sessions that has 360  (training sessions) , 560 ( pre-test and post-test) trials with only an error of 12 trials for each session. The choice of 12 trials is the it is less than 10% of total trials of each task  per condition. They must have 6 unique sessions (Tokens), or more. We also checked the total trials should be no more than or less than 12 trials in comparison to the perfect totally trials numbers. \
\
Inputs: \
1. downloaded zip files rawData in 31 Jan 2022, see rawData for this particular formats\
2. groupInfo98withprolificID.cs\
\
Outputs: \
1. my_list.txt which is a summary of all recorded data in the database (except NA and test extIds) with their unique sessionToken(s) and n trials for each unique sessionToken. It has more than 108 that who completed our first session as some participants returned pre-test study before they completed it or due to accidentally opening the link.\
2.   strictToken.csv recorded the should-include sessionTokens and its according nTrials. Note that the mayTokens for participants who has the standard pattern plus an extra sessions (<12 trials).\
3. included_ID_summary.csv recorded the prolific IDs that should be included based on good session pattern. \
4. strictGroup.csv combined group information and assign to new anonymous vwmt0XX Ids based on groupInfo98withprolificID.cs\
\
\
\
\
}